Updated content based on existing CoC and Google Form (#1)
BostonDevOps/bostondevops.github.io: _posts/2000-01-02-whos-invited.md

---
title: "Who's Invited"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: info
---

#### Who's invited? 

> ## You are welcome to join the Boston DevOps community if you are meaningfully connected to both devops and Boston. This includes DevOps Engineers/SREs, Engineering Managers/Team Leads, developers, and security engineers, or any other role which involves managing people working in technology. This does NOT include recruiters and marketers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## You are welcome to join the Boston DevOps community if you are meaningfully connected to both Boston and devops. This includes DevOps Engineers/SREs, Engineering Managers/Team Leads, developers, and security engineers, anyone aspiring to towards devops, or any other role which involves managing people working in technology. This does NOT include recruiters and marketers.
```

One more rephrase sorry!

---
title: "Who's Invited"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: info
---

> ## You are welcome to join the Boston DevOps community if you’re currently working as a DevOps Engineering Manager, Team Lead, or any other role which involves managing people working in technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Who's invited? 

## You are welcome to join the Boston DevOps community if you are meaningfully connected to both devops and Boston. This includes DevOps Engineers/SREs, Engineering Managers/Team Leads, developers, and security engineers, or any other role which involves managing people working in technology. This does NOT include recruiters and marketers. 
```
Added a little specificity; might tweak a little more but wanted to be more verbose on this one
